Answering the following questions earns 3 flags.  A 4th flag is available for filling in the blanks at the bottom.

Explain C preprocessors (CPP).
	The C preprocessor implements the macro language used to transform C programs before they are compiled. It can also be useful on its own. The C Preprocessor is not a part of the compiler, but is a separate step in the compilation process.

What symbol do all CPP commands being with?
	All preprocessor commands begin with a hash symbol (#).

Describe the functions of the following CPPs:
	define: Substitutes a preprocessor macro.
	include: Inserts a particular header from another file.
	undef: Undefines a preprocessor macro.
	ifdef: Returns true if this macro is defined.
	ifndef: Returns true if this macro is not defined.
	if: Tests if a compile time condition is true.
	else: The alternative for #if.
	elif: #else and #if in one statement.
	endif: Ends preprocessor conditional.
	error: Prints error message on stderr.
	pragma: Issues special commands to the compiler, using a standardized method.

What are predefined macros?
	They are defined by ANSI C, also each one is available for use in programming, the predefined macros should not be directly modified.

Define stringize and token-passing.
	The stringize or number-sign operator ( '#' ), when used within a macro definition, converts a macro parameter into a string constant. This operator may be used only in a macro having a specified argument or parameter list.

What are parameterized macros?
	It is the ability to simulate functions using parameterized macros.

What is a header file (.h)?
	 Header file is a file with extension .h which contains C function declarations and macro definitions to be shared between several source files.

Explain how to pass values from command line to your C program.
	It is possible to pass some values from the command line to your C programs when they are executed. These values are called command line arguments and many times they are important for your program especially when you want to control your program from outside instead of hard coding those values inside the code.

Complete the following statement by filling in the blanks:
	"(blank) (blank) is a way to convert a variable from one data type to another data type." type,casting (de7303b3bd9b44dc611d11da3514a88b3f6b37fa)
To submit your answer, SHA1 hash the final answer. (Ex: if the two blanks above are dog and fly in that order, you would SHA1 hash "dog,fly" (without quotes and all lower case)) Submit the hash to the CTF server for points.
