Answering these questions earns 1 flag (3pts) and there's another flag available at the bottom.

What is the definition of a variable?
	Its a name given to a storage area that the program can manipulate.

In regards to naming variables:
	Which characters are allowed?
		Underscore(_)?
		Capital Letters(A-Z)?
		Small Letters(a-z)?
		Digits(0-9)

	Are there restrictions on what the first character has to be?
		First Character should be alphabet or Underscore


In regards to variables, what is the difference between declaration, definition, and initialization?
	- declaration: refers to the introduction of a new name in the program
	- definition: definition of a previously declared name (or it can be both definition and declaration)
	- initialization: refers to the "assignment" of a value, at construction time


In regards to variables, what is the difference between local, global, and environment?
	- Local variables: these are having scope in particular coding block in which it is declared.
	- Global variables: These variables can be used any where in the program, in any sub routine which is a part of the current program.
	- Environment variables: these are used to configure other commands or programs. Also, they are inherited by child shells.

What is the definition of a function?
	A function is a group of statements that together perform a task.

In regards to functions, what is the difference between declaration, definition, and call?
	- declaration provides basic attributes of a symbol: its type and its name.
	- definition provides all of the details of that symbol.
	- call is a reference method of passing arguments to a function copies the address of an argument into the formal parameter. I


In regards to functions, define the following:
	- Return type: The return type of a function establishes the size and type of the value returned by the function and corresponds to the type-specifier in the syntax
	- Parameters/Arguments: Parameter is variable in the declaration of function. Argument is the actual value of this variable that gets passed to function
	- Function body: compound statement containing the statements that specify what the function does.

For an additional flag: Given the following examples, which are valid statements? (the statements are independent of one another)
a) int a, b;
b) int b = 20;
c) 50 = 70;
d) int 3 = 2;
e) int 3a = 4; (at least discouraged)
f) float f = 3.0;
g) extern float g;
h) int i = func(); (unsure)
i) float while;
j) int newFunc();
k) int old5_FuNc_L0L();
l) int isThisCorrect?();
m) char letter = 'b';
n) static int k = 0; (why not?)
o) int main(void);

	answers are a, b, e, f, g, h, l, m wrong
				a, b, f, g, h, l, m wrong
				a, b, f, g, l, m wrong
				a,b,f,g,h,j,k,m,n,o (ec83a21fe4e4827098836c2e1a31065abc885873)

To submit your answer, SHA1 hash the final answer. (Ex: if a, c, and f were the only correct answers, you would SHA1 hash "acf" (without quotes)) Submit the hash to the CTF server for points.
